detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain an action thriller film
called
revenge spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
a married man named richard flies his
socialite girlfriend
jen to his secluded rest house in the
middle of the desert for the weekend
he wants to spend some alone time with
her before his annual hunting trip with
his friends
as he's about to go inside his house his
pilot gives him some peyote
a small spineless cactus for a welcoming
gift
inside richard finds jen standing on the
bed moving gracefully and
enticing him without wasting any time
richard grabs jan and expresses his
desire for her
in return jen undresses richard and goes
down on him
once they're done richard receives a
call from his wife telling him how busy
she is at home
when richard goes back to bed jen won't
even look at him
richard tries to sweet talk her which
doesn't take long to work
the following day richard's friends stan
and dimitri arrive unannounced richard
is pissed at having his quality time
with jen ruined but the two men say they
worked hard to make sure they arrived
there early
richard then introduces jen to his
friends who are shocked but happy at the
same time
when jen excuses herself stan and
dimitri can't help but stare at her as
if they've never seen a woman before
sarcastically stan asks richard if his
wife and their kids are okay
but richard doesn't answer his question
and instead informs him that jan is
leaving the following day and that they
aren't supposed to meet
that night the four of them decide to
have some fun and drink
as richard brings out more alcohol stan
and dimitri are unable to resist jen's
beauty and they're talking to and
staring at her the whole time
when richard sits with them dimitri
notices his peyote richard tells them
that it's a local and highly powerful
hallucinogenic and an excited dimitri
suddenly grabs the peyote from richard
he then tosses it to stan and stan
tosses it back to him
but richard immediately catches it and
warns them that using peyote while
carrying weapons can lead to accidents
embarrassed stan and dimitri take their
seats while richard asks jen to hide his
peyote for him
happy to oblige jen goes back inside the
house where she hides the peyote inside
her necklace
before going back outside jen plays some
music for the men before dancing for
them
when jen tries to get richard to dance
with her her boyfriend declines
so he asks stan instead jen seductively
dances with stan
who is clearly having the time of his
life as stan continues to dance with her
richard decides that his friend has
already had enough and puts jen over his
shoulder before turning in for the night
jen wakes up alone in the morning and
when she goes out to look for richard
stan greets her with too much enthusiasm
she then joins him for breakfast
and stan informs her that richard went
out to give their passports to the
gamekeeper which will take a while
he also adds that dimitri is nursing a
hangover making jen laugh
stan then remarks that it's just the two
of them but jen pays him no mind and
uses her phone instead
when she notices that stan is staring at
her jen excuses herself from the table
and says she'll start packing her stuff
leaving stan disappointed as jan gets
dressed after taking a shower
she is startled to see that stan is
standing by the doorway stan apologizes
for scaring her
but jen doesn't seem to mind stan then
enters jen's room without invitation and
sits beside her before telling her that
it's a shame they don't have enough time
to get to know each other better
when he gives jen his calling card and
asks her to call him sometime
jen reluctantly tells him that she's not
sure if she'll be able to
pissed stan asks jen what she doesn't
like about him
jen then gets uncomfortable and finds it
hard to answer his question
but when she finally does she tells stan
that he isn't her type at all
stan wants to know why jen feels that
why so jen simply says stan is short and
she likes tall guys
stan sarcastically laughs and asks jen
if his height changed overnight
and when jen says no he implies that she
was coming on to them the previous day
feeling nervous now jen tries to get
away from him but he won't stop
harassing her
without warning stan pushes her against
the glass and removes her underwear
and as he is about to take her from
behind dimitri opens the door
and sees them stan then asks him if he
wants to have his turn on jen
too but dimitri just keeps on eating his
snack before turning to leave
without anyone to disturb them anymore
stan forces himself on jan
making her cry in pain as dimitri walks
away and hears jen
sobs he turns up the television volume
before going out for a swim
when richard returns and notices that
his two friends are being too quiet
stan explains that there's been a
problem with jen richard then tries to
talk to his girlfriend but jen won't
talk much and only insists on richard
calling the helicopter
saying she wants to go home as jen cries
quietly
richard goes back outside to confront
stan about what he did
when jen wakes up a few hours later
richard informs her that he's arranged a
job for her in canada
assuring her that everything's okay he
also adds that he's transferred some
money to her account which she can use
as she pleases
instead of accepting richard's bribe jen
demands he call the helicopter before
she starts packing her stuff but richard
tells her that's not possible
he then blames jen for being too
beautiful claiming she's hard to resist
hurt and angry jen once again demands
richard call the helicopter
threatening to call his wife and tell
her everything about them if he doesn't
without warning richard slaps jen so
hard that she falls to the floor
as he stands over her richard starts
calling her names
demanding her not to talk about his wife
again jen then runs outside while
richard gives chase
and as soon as stan and dimitri see them
they quickly follow
the three men chase jen to a cliff and
when richard sees that she's thinking
about jumping over
he stops her and apologizes for slapping
her richard tries to justify what he did
by saying he was just stressed out and
when jen doesn't say anything
he asks for stan's phone promising that
he'll call the helicopter
after talking to roberto the pilot
richard informs her that the pilot will
arrive in 30 minutes
relieved she lets down her guard only
for richard to suddenly push her off the
cliff
jen is impaled on a tree and as the men
look at her body
stan asks his friend why he did such a
thing like a cold-blooded killer
richard tells them that jan could put
them in jail for 15 years
he then orders stan and dimitri to do
everything he says
saying they'll go hunting as planned and
clean up the mess on the way
then they'll go home with their trophies
just like every year but they have to
make sure not to arouse suspicion
once stan and dimitri agree with
richard's plan the three of them leave
back at the rest house richard burns
jen's stuff as he and his friends
prepare their gears and weapons for
their hunting trip
richard then calls his wife as if
nothing happened and when stan
apologizes to him for what happened to
jen
richard quips that he's never heard of
her meanwhile jen miraculously regains
consciousness while still being impaled
on a tree branch
with every ounce of strength left in her
body she reaches her lighter and sets
the tree on fire
causing it to break in her to hit the
ground after a while
jen suddenly hears the sound of moving
vehicles signaling richard and his
friend's arrival
with the branch still sticking out of
her body jan forces herself to crawl
away from where she landed and hides
on the other hand richard and his
friends are horrified when they find no
sign of jen's body
completely panicking stan suggests they
find jen and bring her to the hospital
he says with the help of their lawyers
they can make what happened to jen look
like an accident
annoyed at his friends cowardice richard
is adamant about not calling anyone
reminding stan that jan is alone and
hurt and won't stand a chance against
three armed men
they then set out to find jen and once
jen hears they're gone
she starts moving too it's already dark
when the men reach the tree where jen
landed
when they see jen's ipod and traces of
her blood around the vicinity
they feel confident that it won't take
them long to find her they then follow
jen's blood trail
and once it stops by the river they
agree to split up to find her faster
stan decides to stay behind in case jen
returns there
while richard and dimitri go in opposite
directions meanwhile
jen continues wandering around going
under the water when she hears someone
coming
as if by luck jen finds dimitri
urinating by the river with his rifle
resting against a rock
jen creeps up behind him and takes his
weapon and when dimitri turns to face
her
jen pulls the trigger unfortunately the
gun isn't loaded
so dimitri just easily grabs the gun and
pushes her back
while on the ground dimitri hits jen and
mocks her for thinking he would leave
his gun lying around for anyone to touch
he then informs his friends that he's
got jen telling them he'll meet them at
the jeep once he takes care of her
stan breathes a sigh of relief upon
hearing the news then casually plays
some music using jen's ipod
as dimitri attempts to drown jen he
tells her that he likes letting his prey
come to him and make it think it's
attacking him
when in fact he's the one waiting for it
jen tries to fight back
but dimitri is too big and strong for
her when she manages to grab dimitri's
knife
she quickly stabs him in the eyes as
soon as her head is out of the water
with the knife still stuck to his eyes
dimitri stumbles around
still trying to come and gen but
eventually he collapses and dies while
jen bravely pulls out the knife from his
eyes then watches him as he sinks into
the river
after taking dimitri supplies jen
travels through the desert using his atv
but is forced to walk when it suddenly
stops working she then goes into a cave
and builds a fire before drinking some
beer
she tries to remove the branch sticking
out of her body but stops once it gets
too painful
while lying down jen suddenly remembers
the peyote she hid in her necklace and
eats it
she then starts loading dimitri's rifle
and as she stares into the fire
jen suddenly feels weird while starting
to hear loud music numb and
hallucinating
jen opens the beer can using the knife
before making several incisions around
her wound to easily remove the branch
sticking out of her abdomen
upon removing the branch jen watches her
blood gush out of her body
she then gets the aluminum beer can to
put it over the fire and once it's hot
enough
she uses it to cauterize her wound the
next day
stan is startled when richard throws a
dead animal on his windshield
realizing that dimitri isn't back yet
richard tries to radio him but there's
no
answer as stan pees and washes up by the
river
dimitri's decomposing body suddenly
floats scaring the daylights out of him
richard then checks to see what the
commotion is about while stan throws up
and gets in his car
where he throws a fit as richard stares
at his dead friend's body
he realizes that dimitri has been
stabbed in the eyes
he then drags him out of the water while
stan grudgingly watches from his car
after richard asks for stan's help to
get rid of dimitri's body
stan expresses bitterness about what
happened he believes that dimitri would
still be alive if richard hadn't pushed
jen off the cliff
once they tossed dimitri to the deeper
part of the river richard suddenly
punches stan in the face
breaking his nose the two then continue
their search for jan
who is still sleeping in a cave when jen
wakes up
she realizes that the phoenix logo from
the beer can has been transferred to her
body
finding it quite symbolic since she's
just escaped death
when she gets up to leave the cave
richard suddenly shows up and blows her
head off
jen then wakes up screaming and realizes
it was just a dream
she continues to have a series of
nightmares about the three men
terrorizing and hunting her
and when she finally wakes up she takes
dimitri's weapons and sets out to find
her attackers meanwhile
richard and stan are determined to find
her first
using their map richard and stan decide
to split up again
with her binoculars jen manages to find
where stan is
and when he starts driving she prepares
to make her move
stan's vehicle suddenly runs out of gas
while jenna's on his tail
and as he refills his tank dyn tries
aiming at him from afar
however the peyote's effects haven't
completely worn off
making jen occasionally hallucinate
after taking a better aim
jen shoots and hits stan in the shoulder
while the impact of her rifle knocks her
to the ground
jen quickly gathers herself and looks
for stan to shoot him once more
but the man has left his suv as jan
cautiously moves closer to stan's
vehicle
she sees traces of blood on the ground
stan desperately tries to flee
but jan is closely following him ready
to shoot at any time
using his sock to lessen his bleeding
stan continues to run away from jen
while crying in pain
he then hides from jen who is still
looking for him and when she passes by
him
stan shoots her from behind grazing her
ear stan
has turned the tables on jen when he
starts chasing and shooting her
in an attempt to escape she breaks her
flashlight and leaves broken glass on
the ground
which stan eventually steps on jen
continues to run away while stan whale's
in pain
trying to remove the shard of glass in
his foot once he manages to take it out
stan staggers back to his car bleeding
even more as he steps on the pedal
he then tries to run jen over but jan is
set on killing him
as stan approaches jen shoots him and
misses twice
but her third shot hits stan in the head
finally killing him
as richard tries to contact stan through
the radio jen takes his vehicle and
drives away
with no word from stand still richard
decides to go back to the house
at home richard calls his pilot to
inform him that he'll be coming home
earlier than planned
he says something came up at work and
he's already dropped his friends at the
airport
when the pilot tells richard hill pick
him up in 30 minutes richard goes to the
bathroom to take a quick shower
bringing his gun with him as he savors
the feeling of the water on his skin
richard hears some noise outside
prompting him to check it out
while still naked richard takes his gun
and looks for the source of the noise
carefully scanning his surroundings
after scouring the house and finding no
sign of jen
richard goes back inside and sits on the
couch as he is about to relax
the television suddenly turns on
startling him
he then looks for the remote control to
turn it off and when he turns around
he finds jen standing outside his house
her rifle pointed at him
as they stare at each other richard
realizes how much jen is bleeding
richard is about to explain himself when
jen shoots him without warning
hitting him just below the ribcage
although he's heavily injured
richard tries to shoot back but jan
won't stop firing at him
frustrated richard crawls inside the
house leaving a trail of blood behind
him
jen then follows him and when she sees
the trail stopping just before the glass
door
jen stops walking too unknown to jen
richard is just standing by the wall
next to her ready to blow her head off
when jen is about to take a step forward
she suddenly notices richard's blood
pulling in front of her
she then quietly moves back and goes to
the other side of the house
but when she gets there richard is
already gone
the two continue to search for each
other and as richard keeps bleeding
profusely he decides to cover his body
with cling wrap to help lessen the
bleeding
jen hears the clatter of the plates that
richard dropped and when she checks it
out and sees richard
she immediately fires forcing him to
flee as they continue
chasing each other around the house jen
slips in richard's blood and drops her
gun
she tries to retrieve it but richard
catches up to her and knocks her
unconscious
when jen stirs she finds richard
dragging her he then picks jen up and
pushes her against the wall
choking her and mocking her with no
weapon to defend herself
jen plunges her hand into richard's
wound causing him excruciating pain
this forces him to let go of her and
when jen finally gets the gun
richard tries to grab it but she
immediately shoots him in the chest
sending him flying across the room as
she gets up
jen casually steps over richard's body
and goes outside
where she hears the helicopter arriving
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching
[Music]